Verify profile with external applications (#502)
desmos-labs/desmos: docs/developers/types/profiles/application-link.md

# Application link
An application link (abbr. _app link_) represents a link to an external (and possibly centralized) application. These links are created by the user and their validity is checked using a multi-step verification process described inside the [_"Themis"_ repository](https://github.com/desmos-labs/themis). 

## `User`

> The `User` represents the address of the Desmos profile to which the link is associated. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Address of the Desmos profile to which the link is associated. 
```

## `Data`

> The `Data` object contains the details of the link. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Object that contains the details of the link. 
```

### `Application`
Name of the application to which the link refers to (eg. `twitter`, `github`, `reddit`, etc). 

### `Username`
Identifier of the application account which the link refers to (eg. Twitter username, GitHub profile, Reddit username, etc).

## `State`

> The `State` field represents the current state of the link. There can be five different states in which a link can be: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Representation of the current state of the link. There can be five different states in which a link can be: 
```

- `APPLICATION_LINK_STATE_INITIALIZED_UNSPECIFIED` if the link has just been created, and it still needs to be processed; 
- `APPLICATION_LINK_STATE_VERIFICATION_STARTED` if the verification process has started; 
- `APPLICATION_LINK_STATE_VERIFICATION_ERROR` if the verification process ended with an error; 
- `APPLICATION_LINK_STATE_VERIFICATION_SUCCESS` if the verification process ended with success;
- `APPLICATION_LINK_STATE_TIMED_OUT` if the verification process expired due to a timeout. 

## `OracleRequest`
The `OracleRequest` field contains all the data that has been sent to the oracle script in order to verify the authenticity of the link. 

### `ID`
This is the unique id of the request that has been made to verify the link. 

### `OracleScriptID`
Unique id of the script that has been called to verify the authenticity of the link. 

### `CallData`
Contains the details of the data that will be used to call the oracle script. 

#### `Application`
Name of the application for which the link is valid (eg. `twitter`, `github`, `reddit`, etc). 

> #### `CallData`

Reviewer: repeated above

Author: These are actually two fields: 
```json
{
  "oracle_request": {
    "call_data": {
      "application": "...",
      "call_data": "..."
    }
  }
}
```

The `CallData` field represents the hex-encoded data that will be given to the data source in order to fetch and verify the validity of the link. 

### `ClientID`
ID of the client that has performed the request.

## `Result`
The `Result` field contains the effective result of the verification process. This is set only if the link state is either `APPLICATION_LINK_STATE_VERIFICATION_SUCCESS` or `APPLICATION_LINK_STATE_VERIFICATION_ERROR`. 

The `Result` field can be of two types: 
- `Result_Success`
- `Result_Error`

### `Result_Success`
Represents a successful result. It contains two fields. 

#### `Value`
Plain text value that has been signed from the user with their Desmos private key to prove the ownership of the Desmos profile. 

#### `Signature`
Hex-encoded result of the plain text value signature. 

### `Result_Error`

> Used to identify an error during the verification process. It contains only one field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Identifies an error during the verification process. It contains only one field.
```
